---
layout: default
title: Privacy Policy
nav_order: 4
---

**Privacy Policy (Blue Duck)**

We are committed to serving local communities and that begins by protecting the data and privacy of all our users.

‘Blue Duck’ is powered by the Blu Dot Technologies Retail Platform, providing online sales of Alcoholic Products.

This privacy policy explains exactly how we do that and how you can exercise your privacy rights. By using Blue Duck, you agree to Blu Dot Technologies using your personal data as explained in this policy, and in accordance with General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018. For the purposes of those laws, we are responsible as data controller of that personal information.

This privacy policy describes:

- What information we collect, how we collect it and why;
- How we use that information and with whom we share it;
- How long we keep that information and how we protect it;
- The choices you can make and rights to your data;
- How you can contact us should an issue regarding data collection arise.

**2.0 Data Collection and Use**

**2.1 Data provided by user**

- Your username, password and e-mail address when you register an account;
- Profile information including first and last name and phone number, to identify the user and to contact regarding changes to the order;
- Mobile device ID for diagnostics;
- Location, via GPS, in order calculate your position in the delivery zone;
- Address, for delivery;
- Age, in order to ensure legal sale of age-restricted items;
- Payment details are collected by Adyen, the payment processing company we use. As a result we do not hold any payment details.

**2.2 Data created during use**

When you use our service, we automatically collect information generated by your activity such as IP address or the GPS, wireless or Bluetooth technology on your device, operating system and computer platform, browser type and version and preferred language.

In addition, information on shopping preferences, order history, products you viewed or searched for, time spent browsing and number of times you visit and purchase is collected, in order to enhance your shopping experience and display the most relevant offers and discounts.

We may assign one or more unique identifiers to help keep track of your visits. Tacking technologies used include cookies. Please see our Cookie Policy for more information on cookies and other similar technologies.

**2.3 Data from other sources**

We may receive data from any other sources. Should we receive any information about you from other sources, we will add it to the information we already have. Examples of types of information we could obtain includes updated payment information, customer support and credit and identity information, which we use to prevent fraud.

**2.4 Data usage**

We use your personal information to:

- Provide Blue Duck Alcohol Delivery services to you;
- Provide updates on delivery times;
- Respond to requests, comments or concerns;
- Notify you of changes or updates to Blue Duck;
- Provide you with special offers and other information about related products or services, including invitations to participate in competitions, surveys and promotions, as determined by your communication preferences;
- Evaluate and improve Blue Duck and to develop new products and services;
- Identify and analyse usage trends and determine effectiveness of promotional campaigns;
- Provide technical and other support and keep Blue Duck safe and secure;
- Comply with legal obligations.

Any use of personal information other than those outlined in this policy will require your express consent.

**2.5 Sharing/Third Parties**

In order to provide delivery services, we provide the fulfilment centre with the full name, delivery address, e-mail address and phone number of the user once an order is placed. In order to protect this data, the fulfilment centre and its employees commit to acting according to their duty of confidentiality.

By using Blue Duck, you agree to your payment details being shared with Adyen, which processes each payment. Adyen receives your name, payment details and e-mail address, through which we send a receipt of purchase and organise refunds.

We host and maintain Blue Duck using AWS as our data hosting centre.

Where we use providers based in the US, we transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between Europe and the US. For further details, see [European Commission: EU-US Privacy Shield.](https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/eu-us-data-transfers_en)

**2.6 Data retention and deletion**

We retain profile, transaction and other information as long as a user maintains their Blue Duck account. Upon deletion of your account your data will either be deleted completely or anonymised, for example by aggregating with other data so that it can be used in a non-identifiable way for statistical analysis and business planning.

Users can request deletion of their data via privacy@bludottechnologies.com. Following such requests, we delete all data which is not required for tax, regulatory, insurance and other legal requirements. In certain circumstances, we may be unable to delete a user’s account, for example if there is an unresolved claim or dispute. Upon resolution of the issue preventing deletion, we will delete the account as described above.

We will also retain certain information if necessary, for purposes of safety, security, and fraud prevention. For example, if an account is deactivated because of unsafe behaviour or fraudulent payments, we will retain information such as the e-mail address for that account to prevent that user from opening an account in the future.

**2.7 Marketing and communication**

When you send us an e-mail, we use your e-mail address to respond and will store the communication for any future correspondence. When you accept to receive information about our services, we use your e-mail address to provide you with the information, until you ask us to stop via the unsubscribe instructions provided with each e-mail communication.

If you consent to push notifications you will receive updates on order progress and delivery schedules in addition to special offers, we feel are relevant to you. You can opt out of these notifications at any time by altering the settings on your phone, however it will reduce the functionality of the App. This also applies to opting out of providing location data.

In some cases, we may need to send you ‘transactional e-mails’ relating to normal business operations for example, to inform you of payment errors or refunds. You cannot opt out of these emails.

We will never sell, rent or lease your e-mail address or any other information to third parties for use in unsolicited messages or information.

In the future we may sell, buy or merge with other businesses. In such transactions, we may include your information among the transferred assets.

**2.8 Privacy Breach Policy**

The appropriate security measures have been put in place to prevent breach of personal data from being lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way. Access is only granted to your personal data upon genuine need and any use of it by us or our partners is subject to the duty of confidentiality.

We also have measures in place to deal with a suspected security breach which can be viewed here. We will notify you and the applicable regulator of the suspected breach, where it is legally required to do so, without undue delay and within 72 hours, where feasible.

**3.0 Legal Grounds/Your Rights**

We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:

- **The right to access** – You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
- **The right to rectification** – You have the right to request the correction of any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
- The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
- **The right to restrict processing** – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
- **The right to object to processing** – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
- **The right to data portability** – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
- **The right to complain** to a data protection supervisory authority about our use of your personal data. Contact details are given in section 5.0.

All of the personal data we collect from you can be viewed in the ‘Account Information’ section within the ‘More’ section of the App. Information on order history can be found within the ‘Orders’ section of the App.

Where we collect and process your personal information on the basis of your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.

If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us via email: privacy@bludottechnologies.com. If you make a request, we will respond without undue delay and within one month.

**4.0 Updates**

We may occasionally update this privacy policy and any changes will be posted on this website. Depending on the significance of the changes, we will take appropriate measures to inform you of amendments, in accordance with data protection laws. We encourage users to review this page periodically for the most updated version of our privacy policy.

Last updated: 4 November 2024

**5.0 Contact**

If you have any questions or concerns about the Blue Duck privacy policy, please contact us:

**By email:**

privacy@bludottechnologies.com

**By post:**

Blu Dot Technologies- Data Protection Officer,

Concourse Building 1,

Queen's Road,

Belfast

BT3 9DT

We will investigate and resolve any disputes regarding use or disclosure or personal information regarding this privacy policy. Should you not find the resolution satisfactory, you can contact the Information Commissioners Office via the following link:

<https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/> or call the helpline on 0303 123 1113.

**6.0 Company Details**

Blu Dot Technologies,

Concourse Building 1,

Queen's Road,

Belfast

BT3 9DT

Tel: 028 9073 7800
